hello friends today we are finally
finish the third part of the month despite
the fact that October is already long gone and
let's summarize howe you today our how
Janowski review on the game from the studio points
who cursed the number 3
Well, or just for the saw and Nastya today
our review on team fortress 2
the game is a free-to-play pvp shooter
from the third person you are divided into two
teams are red and blue since the game
free in the game
a huge number of items that
you can buy in the store costumes Weapon
caps
i ran a little bit ahead and so
familiarity with the characters scout scout
standard arsenal has a bleed
pistol bat
has a double jump fast speed but
small amount of health
grabs the point and pushes the cart
twice as fast as the others
quotes i'm a cool fight standard soldier
arsenal has a rocket honey shotgun
shovel
when fired into the ground from a rocket honey has
high jump
who spends life quotes left
cattle and arsonist feather standard
arsenal has a flamethrower shotgun and
fire ax only character
who does not speak
crazy sees rainbow instead of fire
quotes
bomber standard arsenal has
stick and honey grenade launcher
can take a sword and a shield and be
useful melee scot alcoholic
quotes i'm damn grim treacherous tale
save and flax sad end
hell the pieces you have to collect
howick gunner in hell
standard arsenal has a machine gun
shotgun fists Russian likes to eat
moves slower than other characters
but has more lives quotes
but have not yet met anyone I and bullets
engineer engineer standard arsenal has
shotgun pistol wrench to p to
construction
the only character who can create
built turret distributor teleport
knows how to play guitar
quotes I know how to solve problems there is a gun
if that did not help from the old spell
medic matt doctor dock standard
arsenal has a syringe honey medicinal cannon
medical saw can treat others
German characters can give them temporary
invulnerability
quotes so i lost my license
medica ribs do not really grow back
sniper standard arsenal has
sniper rifle ppm kukri
New Zealander has a small amount
lives can kill the very shot in
head quotes
i like being a sniper if on
the light will be two people then one
will want to kill another spy to sleep
standard arsenal has a revolver knife
watch invisibility yolk french
turns into characters
opposing team can be
invisible can kill the character itself
stabbing in the back
can put bugs on the building
engineer under disguise it can
treat enemy medic quotes
he can be any of us he can be
there are multiple me in the game
Game Modes Capture Flag Flag Carriage
trolleys and so on also have more
one relatively new mode m in s m
where you both drop your base from robots
bots but we forgot the main thing now
halloween in the game it is celebrated not only
new gear which can be worn
only in the moon and in the full moon but
game modes
for example on capture points appears
headless rider butt and instead head
and chop off your head
but you can arrange for example temporary
truce dunk freak and continue
playing as if nothing had happened the way here
so you can find me on the incentive
if you want to play so let us down
totals
I mean, let's finish the spies who just
the deputy hid escaped and the earl of merry and
for killing time straight hundred pounds yes and
for just having fun with your dumb friends
running around and quarreling .
in general, you will definitely like the game
and it's free and I remind you again
swing
play but I have to go the spy should already
finish someone